Travel logic flag added (#25196)
department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-website: src/applications/check-in/day-of/README.md

- `check_in_experience_translation_disclaimer_spanish_enabled` : Enables or disables the mixed language disclaimer (there may be some untranslated content) for spanish pages of the site
  - when to sunset: when we are in a situation where new content is not added to the site until it is translated into spanish
- `check_in_experience_travel_reimbursement`: Enables travel reimbursement workflow for day-of check-in.

> - `check_in_experience_travel_logic`: Enables travel logic for day-of check-in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `check_in_experience_travel_logic`: Enables logic that allows the veteran to submit a travel claim to more than one appointment in a day if they are at separate facilities.
```
